PLSQL:
----------------
- Procedural Language with SQL
- programming stataments and SQL Queries.
- It is extention to SQL part/ It is advanced part to SQL part.

Points happened in SQL:
- SQL is collection of predefined object such as table, views, index, sequence, etc.
- At a time only one query is executed in SQL.
- Each qury hits db. If no of hits are increasing then db performance get reduces.
- Querys are not saved in DB/ Rewrite query again and again.
- No programming statements/ constructs like condiional Stmts,
  loops and branching stmts.
			[ Not Available ]

Points happened in PLSQL:
- Is used to automate the business activity.
- Database server is collection of programs, that programs are responded and they can be executed  on database tables and getting imformation on frontend webpage  

Def:
	It is collection of user defined objects. According to client requirement the object will be defined and developed.

ADV:
----
- Executing multiple queries in the form of programms.
- Reduces no of hits to DB.
- Improve the DB performance and also network performance.
- Enhancibility: existing programs are enhancible for future   requirement that is it.             
- Reusabiliti:ATM checking Balance.
- Modularity:Dividing process is called as modularization criteria. 

PLSQL Objects:
---------------
2 Categories:
1)	Programs/ Anonymous blocks:
	a) Static Programs: Doesn't Accepts runtime input 			    values.
	b) Dynamic Programs: Accepts runtime input values.
2)	Procedures and functions
	Triggers, Types, packages etc

Programs:
	Collection of statements and queries to perform set of task/operation.

Nature of programs:
	Not saved in DB

Structure:

Declare		---------- Optional
	<statements>;
BEGIN		---------- Mandatory
	<Assignments Stmts>;
	<Data Processing Stmts/Queries>;
	<Output Stmts>;
EXCEPTION	---------- Optional
	<Error Handling Stmts>;
END;		---------- Mandatory



Declaring variable Dynamically and how to declare variable as record type:

declare variable:
v_name varchar2(10);
if I get value from table which is graeter than 10 size then it is unable to process.

declare variable:
v_accno number(12);
if I get value from table which is mix alphanumeric that character type then we cant store in this variable.

this is datatype incompatibility.
which is remove by giving 
	
Variable:
A name which refers to buffer location.

Types of Variable:
1. Simple Variable/ Scalar Varia?ble
	a) explicite variable
	b) implicite variable(dynamic variable)
------->
	ex. vcity varchar2(10);
	ex. vcity cust.city%type;

2. Composite Variable
-------->
	Under this variable you able to store more than one value. then it is composite variable.
	
a) Table Based Record Variable
--------> 
	
	b) User Defined Record Variable
3. Cursor variable 
4. Array type variable


	